pkg/web/proto/web.proto:19:20:method gcommon.v1.web.WebService.CreateServer: unknown request type CreateServerRequest
pkg/web/proto/web.proto:19:50:method gcommon.v1.web.WebService.CreateServer: unknown response type CreateServerResponse
pkg/web/proto/web.proto:22:19:method gcommon.v1.web.WebService.StartServer: unknown request type StartServerRequest
pkg/web/proto/web.proto:22:48:method gcommon.v1.web.WebService.StartServer: unknown response type StartServerResponse
pkg/web/proto/web.proto:25:18:method gcommon.v1.web.WebService.StopServer: unknown request type StopServerRequest
pkg/web/proto/web.proto:25:46:method gcommon.v1.web.WebService.StopServer: unknown response type StopServerResponse
pkg/web/proto/web.proto:28:23:method gcommon.v1.web.WebService.GetServerStatus: unknown request type GetServerStatusRequest
pkg/web/proto/web.proto:28:56:method gcommon.v1.web.WebService.GetServerStatus: unknown response type GetServerStatusResponse
pkg/web/proto/web.proto:31:19:method gcommon.v1.web.WebService.ListServers: unknown request type ListServersRequest
pkg/web/proto/web.proto:31:48:method gcommon.v1.web.WebService.ListServers: unknown response type ListServersResponse
pkg/web/proto/web.proto:34:21:method gcommon.v1.web.WebService.RegisterRoute: unknown request type RegisterRouteRequest
pkg/web/proto/web.proto:34:52:method gcommon.v1.web.WebService.RegisterRoute: unknown response type RegisterRouteResponse
pkg/web/proto/web.proto:37:23:method gcommon.v1.web.WebService.UnregisterRoute: unknown request type UnregisterRouteRequest
pkg/web/proto/web.proto:37:56:method gcommon.v1.web.WebService.UnregisterRoute: unknown response type UnregisterRouteResponse
pkg/web/proto/web.proto:40:18:method gcommon.v1.web.WebService.ListRoutes: unknown request type ListRoutesRequest
pkg/web/proto/web.proto:40:46:method gcommon.v1.web.WebService.ListRoutes: unknown response type ListRoutesResponse
pkg/web/proto/web.proto:43:21:method gcommon.v1.web.WebService.AddMiddleware: unknown request type AddMiddlewareRequest
pkg/web/proto/web.proto:43:52:method gcommon.v1.web.WebService.AddMiddleware: unknown response type AddMiddlewareResponse
pkg/web/proto/web.proto:46:24:method gcommon.v1.web.WebService.RemoveMiddleware: unknown request type RemoveMiddlewareRequest
pkg/web/proto/web.proto:46:58:method gcommon.v1.web.WebService.RemoveMiddleware: unknown response type RemoveMiddlewareResponse
pkg/web/proto/web.proto:49:22:method gcommon.v1.web.WebService.ListMiddleware: unknown request type ListMiddlewareRequest
pkg/web/proto/web.proto:49:54:method gcommon.v1.web.WebService.ListMiddleware: unknown response type ListMiddlewareResponse
pkg/web/proto/web.proto:52:24:method gcommon.v1.web.WebService.GetServerMetrics: unknown request type GetServerMetricsRequest
pkg/web/proto/web.proto:52:58:method gcommon.v1.web.WebService.GetServerMetrics: unknown response type GetServerMetricsResponse
pkg/web/proto/web.proto:55:23:method gcommon.v1.web.WebService.GetRouteMetrics: unknown request type GetRouteMetricsRequest
pkg/web/proto/web.proto:55:56:method gcommon.v1.web.WebService.GetRouteMetrics: unknown response type GetRouteMetricsResponse
pkg/web/proto/web.proto:58:21:method gcommon.v1.web.WebService.HandleRequest: unknown request type HandleRequestRequest
pkg/web/proto/web.proto:58:52:method gcommon.v1.web.WebService.HandleRequest: unknown response type HandleRequestResponse
pkg/web/proto/web.proto:61:26:method gcommon.v1.web.WebService.StreamServerEvents: unknown request type StreamServerEventsRequest
pkg/web/proto/web.proto:61:69:method gcommon.v1.web.WebService.StreamServerEvents: unknown response type ServerEvent
pkg/web/proto/web.proto:67:23:method gcommon.v1.web.WebAdminService.ConfigureGlobal: unknown request type ConfigureGlobalRequest
pkg/web/proto/web.proto:67:56:method gcommon.v1.web.WebAdminService.ConfigureGlobal: unknown response type ConfigureGlobalResponse
pkg/web/proto/web.proto:70:26:method gcommon.v1.web.WebAdminService.UpdateServerConfig: unknown request type UpdateServerConfigRequest
pkg/web/proto/web.proto:70:62:method gcommon.v1.web.WebAdminService.UpdateServerConfig: unknown response type UpdateServerConfigResponse
pkg/web/proto/web.proto:73:21:method gcommon.v1.web.WebAdminService.GetServerLogs: unknown request type GetServerLogsRequest
pkg/web/proto/web.proto:73:52:method gcommon.v1.web.WebAdminService.GetServerLogs: unknown response type GetServerLogsResponse
pkg/web/proto/web.proto:76:21:method gcommon.v1.web.WebAdminService.GetAccessLogs: unknown request type GetAccessLogsRequest
pkg/web/proto/web.proto:76:52:method gcommon.v1.web.WebAdminService.GetAccessLogs: unknown response type GetAccessLogsResponse
pkg/web/proto/web.proto:79:26:method gcommon.v1.web.WebAdminService.ReloadServerConfig: unknown request type ReloadServerConfigRequest
pkg/web/proto/web.proto:79:62:method gcommon.v1.web.WebAdminService.ReloadServerConfig: unknown response type ReloadServerConfigResponse
pkg/web/proto/web.proto:82:29:method gcommon.v1.web.WebAdminService.GetSSLCertificateInfo: unknown request type GetSSLCertificateInfoRequest
pkg/web/proto/web.proto:82:68:method gcommon.v1.web.WebAdminService.GetSSLCertificateInfo: unknown response type GetSSLCertificateInfoResponse
pkg/web/proto/web.proto:85:28:method gcommon.v1.web.WebAdminService.UpdateSSLCertificate: unknown request type UpdateSSLCertificateRequest
pkg/web/proto/web.proto:85:66:method gcommon.v1.web.WebAdminService.UpdateSSLCertificate: unknown response type UpdateSSLCertificateResponse
pkg/web/proto/web.proto:88:23:method gcommon.v1.web.WebAdminService.GetServerHealth: unknown request type GetServerHealthRequest
pkg/web/proto/web.proto:88:56:method gcommon.v1.web.WebAdminService.GetServerHealth: unknown response type GetServerHealthResponse
pkg/web/proto/web.proto:91:26:method gcommon.v1.web.WebAdminService.ExportServerConfig: unknown request type ExportServerConfigRequest
pkg/web/proto/web.proto:91:62:method gcommon.v1.web.WebAdminService.ExportServerConfig: unknown response type ExportServerConfigResponse
pkg/web/proto/web.proto:94:26:method gcommon.v1.web.WebAdminService.ImportServerConfig: unknown request type ImportServerConfigRequest
pkg/web/proto/web.proto:94:62:method gcommon.v1.web.WebAdminService.ImportServerConfig: unknown response type ImportServerConfigResponse
